magical online dating the magistrate
Austin moon what's the Confederate
rancic is impressive sanction little
assistant during the recent protests
destruction the Chancellor colony the
components are tightened security guard
rail systems will graduate at this car
drop down an encrypted confinement
translation came trading volume are we
playing translation greetings magistrate
general Edmund due to the Confederates
security forces alpha squadron the
Confederacy has parked in this entire
planet and will proceed with a lockdown
within
48 hours you're to relocate your core
colonists to the outline wastelands now
I know there won't be any problems with
these new arrangements transmission
ended I've contacted the local marshal
James Raynor Reynard has agreed to
mature person have one word and escort
them to the wound wasteland site
Emily will be into the wasteland these
compares they think of anybody
Oh
howdy boys I'm Jim Raynor Marshall these
parts
you
I'm
right away sir
go ahead commander
sounds fun
Oh
such as the Rings can be trained in this
facility
you